README.md, before:

# Daniel Pagard

## A website presenting the concept of me to the wider world.  

Welcome to my README.md file, it belongs with a page making a short introduction of me, with text on the front page, a music video on the Media page and links to my GitHub and LinkedIn on the links page.

Why have i created this site?

**For 2 reasons:**

 - To annonce the start of my programming journey to the GitHub Community

 - To enter as my first project to the [Code Institute](https://codeinstitute.net/se/?nab=1)
 

## Features

### Existing Features:

**Navigation Bar**

- Featured on all pages, with links to Home, Media and Links pages.
- Becomes a dropdown menu on smaler screen widths.




## Testing


## Deployment

## Credits

### Media

- Images and video belongs to me.
- Favicon generated with  adrian17's [Gallifreyan translator](https://adrian17.github.io/Gallifreyan/) and iconpack generated with [Real Favicon Generator](https://realfavicongenerator.net/)

### Code

- Navigation bar and Hero image coded with help of Love Running Walkthrou project.
- Favicon code generated and copied from [Real Favicon Generator](https://realfavicongenerator.net/)

Commit message:

added to feature and testing sections of README.md

README.md, after:

# Daniel Pagard

## A website presenting the concept of me to the wider world.  

Welcome to my README.md file, it belongs with a page making a short introduction of me, with text on the front page, a music video on the Media page and links to my GitHub and LinkedIn on the links page.

Why have i created this site?

**For 2 reasons:**

 - To annonce the start of my programming journey to the GitHub Community

 - To enter as my first project to the [Code Institute](https://codeinstitute.net/se/?nab=1)
 

## Features

### Existing Features:

**Navigation Bar**

- Featured on all pages, with links to Home, Media and Links pages.
- Becomes a dropdown menu on smaler screen widths.

**Video**

- iframe embedded youtube video of a music school project i did a couple of years ago
- iframe changes dimensions according to screen width


## Testing
I have tested the small site by pressing all links and buttons on different screen sizes.

Running it throu Lighthouse in the Google Devs tools to check acessability score.

**Validator Testing**

- HTML code tested via [W3 HTML Validator](https://validator.w3.org/)
- CSS code tested and clear via [W3 CSS Validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/)

## Deployment

## Credits

### Media

- Images and video belongs to me.
- Favicon generated with  adrian17's [Gallifreyan translator](https://adrian17.github.io/Gallifreyan/) and iconpack generated with [Real Favicon Generator](https://realfavicongenerator.net/)

### Code

- Navigation bar and Hero image coded with help of Love Running Walkthrou project.
- Favicon code generated and copied from [Real Favicon Generator](https://realfavicongenerator.net/)
